[Docs]Security docs 7.9 updates (#75156)
elastic/kibana: docs/siem/siem-ui.asciidoc

=== Detections (beta)

The Detections feature automatically searches for threats and creates 
alerts when they are detected. Detection rules define the conditions 
for when alerts are created. Elastic Security comes with prebuilt rules that
search for suspicious activity on your network and hosts. Additionally, you can
create your own rules.

See {security-guide}/detection-engine-overview.html[Detections] for information

> on managing detection rules and alerts via the UI or the Detections API.

Reviewer: How about removing "via the UI or the Detections API."

Timeline is your workspace for threat hunting and alert investigations. 

[role="screenshot"]
image::siem/images/timeline-ui.png[Elastic Security Timeline]

You can drag objects of interest into the Timeline Event Viewer to create

> exactly the query filter you need. You can drag items from table widgets within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exactly the query filter you need. You can drag items from tables within
```

Hosts and Network pages, or even from within Timeline itself.

A timeline is responsive and persists as you move through Elastic Security
collecting data. 

For detailed information about Timeline, see
{security-guide}/timelines-ui.html[Investigating events in Timeline].

[float]
[[sample-workflow]]
=== Sample workflow

An analyst notices a suspicious user ID that warrants further investigation, and

> clicks a url that links to Elastic Security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clicks a URL that links to Elastic Security. 
```

> The analyst uses the tables, widgets, and filtering and search capabilities in

Reviewer: be more specific than widget.
